file1 Please call Stella.
file2 Ask her to bring these things with her from the store.
file3 Six spoons of fresh snow peas, five thick slabs of blue cheese, and maybe a snack for her brother Bob.
file4 We also need a small plastic snake and a big toy frog for the kids.
file5 She can scoop these things into three red bags, and we will go meet her Wednesday at the train station.
file6 When the sunlight strikes raindrops in the air, they act as a prism and form a rainbow.
file7 The rainbow is a division of white light into many beautiful colors.
file8 These take the shape of a long round arch, with its path high above, and its two ends apparently beyond the horizon.
file9 There is , according to legend, a boiling pot of gold at one end.
file10 People look, but no one ever finds it.
file11 When a man looks for something beyond his reach, his friends say he is looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
file12 Throughout the centuries people have explained the rainbow in various ways.
file13 Some have accepted it as a miracle without physical explanation.
file14 To the Hebrews it was a token that there would be no more universal floods.
file15 The Greeks used to imagine that it was a sign from the gods to foretell war or heavy rain.
file16 The Norsemen considered the rainbow as a bridge over which the gods passed from earth to their home in the sky.
file17 Others have tried to explain the phenomenon physically.
file18 Aristotle thought that the rainbow was caused by reflection of the sun's rays by the rain.
file19 Since then physicists have found that it is not reflection, but refraction by the raindrops which causes the rainbows.
file20 Many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed.
file21 The difference in the rainbow depends considerably upon the size of the drops, and the width of the colored bands increases as the size of the drops increases.
file22 The actual primary rainbow observed is said to be the effect of super-position of a number of bows.
file23 If the red of the second bow falls upon the green of the first, the result is to give a bow with an abnormally wide yellow band, since red and green light when mixed form yellow.
file24 Ask her to bring these things with her from the store.
file25 Six spoons of fresh snow peas, five thick slabs of blue cheese, and maybe a snack for her brother Bob.
file26 We also need a small plastic snake and a big toy frog for the kids.
file27 Ask her to bring these things with her from the store.
file28 Six spoons of fresh snow peas, five thick slabs of blue cheese, and maybe a snack for her brother Bob.
file29 We also need a small plastic snake and a big toy frog for the kids.
